DOC-2270: add fix documentation for TINY-6309 to the release notes. (#3105)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.0-release-notes.adoc

As a result, the selection is in the correct place and the `List Properties...` context menu item is `enabled`.

> === `TableOperations.opEraseRows` did not calculate the correct row index for colgroup tables.

Reviewer: `TableOperations.opEraseRows` is a non-public API, so should this reference the command `mceTableDeleteRow` maybe?

Author: I feel like `mceTableDeleteRow` would be the best option.

Author: ```suggestion
=== `mceTableDeleteRow` did not calculate the correct row index for colgroup tables.
```
